Code Description
The code consists of the following sub-routines:

1) analyzeTS(data, lags, parametric_acs = ('parII', 'wei', 'burrXII'), marg_distr = ('gamma', 'ggamma', 'norm', lognorm', 'burrIII', 'weibull', 'beta'))

data is the time series under study;
lags is the number of temporal lags to be set by the user;
parametric_acs is the parametric autocorrelation structure (acs). This function offers a choice of 3 acs: Pareto II, Weibull and Burr type XII ACS;
marg_distr is the marginal distribution chosen by the user suitable for modeling the process under analysis. The user can choose from the following alternatives: Gamma, Generalized Gamma, Normal, Log-normal, Burr type III, Weibull and Beta distributions
The output of this function consists of 4 plots: 1) the graph of the observed time series; 2) the empirical density function of nonzero values, i.e, the histogram expressed in terms of probability density; 3) the monthly seasonal components; and 4) the empirical autocorrelation structure.

2) Report_ObservedTs(res, lags, method = ('dist', 'acs', 'stat'), show_grid = True)

res is the output of the previous step; lags is an input provided in analyzeTS;
method offers 3 options: a) 'dist', which provides the Empirical histogram of the observed TS (expressed in terms of probability density) and the parametric distribution function fitted to nonzero values; b) 'acs', which provides the comparison between the empirical and the parametric ACS of the Observed TS; c) 'stat', which provides the summary statistics of the observed TS. The results are provided assuming monthly seasonality.
3) MixUnif_TS_Parametric_vs_Empirical_ACS(data, res, lags, parametric_acs, show_grid = True)

It requires to provide some inputs from the previous steps. In this step, the observed time series is first transformed to the Mixed-Uniform time series (via mixed-Uniform transformation). Then, a parametric ACS of the transformed rv is fitted to the empirical ACS of the transformed time series (using the ACTF corresponding to the Gaussian to mixed-uniform transformation to estimate the Gaussian ACS. The output provides the comparison between the two ACSs.

4) Simulated_TS(data, res, res1, ptsACTF, lags, marg_distr, show_grid=True)

It requires to provide some inputs from the previous steps. In this step, the Gaussian time series is generated by using an autoregressive model AR(p) fitted to the Gaussian ACS. Then, the original time series is retrieved by transforming the Gaussian time series. The structure of the output is identical to that of the analyzeTS() function. It allows immediate comparison between the observed and simulated TS.

5) Report_SimulatedTs(res, res2, method = ('stat', 'diff_stat')

The following function provides the summary statistics of the Simulated TS (when method = 'stat') and the difference between the summary statistics of the Simulated and the Observed TS (when method = 'diff_stat')
